Call surveillance cameras immediately
Send video here.
Can acting reach this level?
Is Pho Ngan Nien really the president of Fuji Group?
It was you who stole my bottle of wine.
What do you have to say?
Who knew this video was yours?
What black technology?
Done.
Ha Dinh, quickly say something for me.
Thien Nhi is such a kind person
How could it be him?
Yes, it must be Uncle Lam.
She is jealous of me.
Thien Nhi, such a beauty.
Then ecstasy and nobility
That's why you guys and a bunch of actors came to frame Thien Nhi.
Then call the police.
Wait a minute.
This is villa number 6666.
Villa number 6666 is a villa with a one thousand advance payment.
I'm just paying in advance.
What happened to my red wine?
What is involved?
So why didn't you notice it at first?
This is your own home.
Our house has many villas.
I can't remember.
If you hadn't said it, I would have forgotten I said it.
As soon as you come in here, you immediately feel everything about me.
It's all very familiar.
You can do it.
This villa is clearly mine.
Dinner outside was also something I intentionally overthrew.
These hundreds of millions of bottles of wine are also mine.
Whoever, I will send to Cam Gia Kui.